Updates to Permissions Docs (#300)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: articles/share-a-site-with-client-sharing.mdx

related_articles: []
related_links:
---
Client Sharing allows you to invite someone from outside your [Organization](/documentation/articles/what-is-an-organization/) (called a Client) to view, edit, and publish content for a specific Site. Clients do not need to have a CloudCannon account. Instead, they log into CloudCannon using a site-specific password.

Clients will log in using a [password you set for your Site](/documentation/articles/turn-on-client-sharing-for-a-site/) and a dedicated Client Login Page. By default, the URL for the Login Page is the Site domain with the suffix "/update" (e.g., www.example.com/update). CloudCannon will use your [.cloudvent.net test domain](/documentation/articles/viewing-your-site-on-a-testing-domain/) if your Site does not have a custom domain. If you want to change the URL subpath, you can [configure the URL for the Login Page](/documentation/articles/configure-the-client-login-page-and-dashboard/).

> <comp.DocsImage path="https://cc-dam.imgix.net/documentation/images/sharing/client-sharing/2024-05/CloudCannon-Documentation-Client-Login-Page.png" alt="A screenshot of the Client Login page with a field fo rthe site-specific password and a Sign In button." title="The Client Login page" type="screenshot"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<comp.DocsImage path="https://cc-dam.imgix.net/documentation/images/sharing/client-sharing/2024-05/CloudCannon-Documentation-Client-Login-Page.png" alt="A screenshot of the Client Login page with a field for the site-specific password and a Sign In button." title="The Client Login page" type="screenshot"/>
```
